Please fill out the following and submit with your Final Project submission 
(added to help us know what to focus on when grading, what was intentionally incomplete, etc.):

1. What is your estimated grade for the Final Project (roughly of 100)? For partner projects,
   do you think the workload distribution was fair?
I believe that I am going to recieve a 70 due to some parts missing, like peer feedback and fp
demo on discord. I did not get the chance to do these steps.

2. What is your estimated grade for the course (letter grade)? You can support your
   estimate with examples of demonstrated engagement in the course material, strengths
   (and weaknesses) over the term, and growth throughout the material (some assignment
   grading feedback was delayed, but we would like to know what resources you used to
   iterate on the material, such as lectures, OH, Discord, etc.)
I believe that I will recieve a B for the class because I missed a few points during my 
HW assignmnets. Fourtunately, I recieved good scores or my CPs throughout the term, but I 
thing that the final project grade will drop me down a little bit. Throughout the term, I 
engaged as much as I can, like going to class, office hours, in-person grading, and discord 
post. As seen with my final project, I believe that learned so many great techniques that I
continued to implement within my CPs and final project. I tried to implement as much feedback 
as I can throughout my assignments. Similar to what was seen throughout the term, my weakness 
is my CSS. This is because I do not have the best structure when it comes to organizing my styles.

3. To what extent would you like feedback in your project (e.g. thorough, particular areas of the
   project, or just a grade)?
I believe just a grade is fine.

4. Anything else you would like El to know when grading?
Thank you so much for your patience with me throughout the term. I apologize that I turned some of 
my assignments late, but I really enjoyed your class. Thank you for helping me realize that web 
development is something that I am passionate for!

5. Are you open to sharing your project/reflection for future terms? If so, would you
   like named credit or anonymous?
I am open to sharing my project for future terms, and I would like named credit.